Feature/active campaign (#248)
infinum/eightshift-forms: src/Hooks/Variables.md

```php
define('ES_API_KEY_CLEARBIT', '<api-key>');
```

> ## Set ActiveCampaign api key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Set the ActiveCampaign API key
```

> This variable will set forms ActiveCampaign api key and you will not be able to change it from the admin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This variable will set form's ActiveCampaign API key. You will not be able to change it from the admin.
```

```php
define('ES_API_KEY_ACTIVE_CAMPAIGN', '<api-key>');
```

> ## Set ActiveCampaign api url

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Set the ActiveCampaign API URL
```

> This variable will set forms ActiveCampaign api url and you will not be able to change it from the admin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This variable will set form's ActiveCampaign API URL. You will not be able to change it from the admin.
```
